[instrumental music]
- Got any queens?
- Go fish.
I know how to skip.
Check it out, boys.
Go for it.
♪ Skip skip ♪
♪ Skip to my Lou
my darling ♪♪
That was very good,
Michelle, but I think
one of your feet is missing
out on all of the fun.
Try it this way.
♪ Skip skip ♪
♪ Skip to my Lou ♪
♪ Skip to my Lou
my darling ♪♪
Wait, come on, Danny,
you skip like the Tin Man.
Put some oil
into those joints.
Uh, loosen up and-and frolic.
- Frolic?
- Yeah, frolic.
♪ Lou Lou ♪
♪ Skip to my Lou ♪
♪ Lou Lou.. ♪♪
Hey, man, we were teaching
Michelle how to skip.
Michelle, if you wanna
be cool, skip the skipping.
You gotta work
on the strut, babe.
[snaps finger]
That's it.
Let it swing, shorty.
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kids don't sell
your dream so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[chuckles]
Okay, Michelle, we're
playing the hot and cold game.
Try and find your doll.
You're cold.
'You're getting colder.'
You're a popsicle.
You're a popsicle
at the North Pole.
Michelle,
the colder you get
the further you are from
the thing you're looking for.
I know how to play.
I just want a cookie.
[sighs]
Now, where were we?
Hey, Joey, I gotta
rehearse with the band.
Can you take,
uh, Becky's wedding ring down
and have it
engraved for me?
- No problem.
- Alright, good.
It took me a week
but I finally came up
with the perfect inscription.
Ah, lay it on me, Jess.
"Wise men say only
fools rush in..
Got it.
"...but I can't help
falling in love with you.
Like a river flows
surely to the sea--"
Jess, just so you know,
they charge by the letter.
Alright,
just make it, Love Me Tender.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi, Joey.
- Hi, sweetheart.
- Hi, Beck.
Jess, are you ready for a little
no-whining tuxedo shopping?
Ooh.
I told you already,
I found the perfect tuxedo.
And I told you already
that I'm not marrying a man
wearing a leather tuxedo
with a cobra on the back.
Hey, great news, everyone.
Our school fundraiser tonight
is completely sold out.
- Alright.
All my friends
are so psyched.
We're gonna be in a rock club
instead of a sweaty gym.
Alright, well,
the smash club is all yours
just gotta get everyone
outta there by 9:00
because they have to bring
in the mud wrestling pit.
Oh, they got
rid of the Jell-O?
Deej, come here.
I've gotta tell you
how proud of you I am
for putting together
this fundraiser
for your school newspaper.
Seems like only yesterday I
was powdering your little tushy.
Dad, please.
Sorry, sweetie.
Dad, please
don't pick my lint.
Sorry again.
Now, Joey, you're
going to open the show
by doing your comedy act.
Deej, I've totally
adapted my Vegas act
to the junior
high school crowd.
So this seventh grader
comes up to me and says
"Hey, dude,
got any mousse?"
And I said, "Why, certainly,
is Bullwinkle okay?"
So when I was in junior high
I watched lots of cartoons.
Did you notice that cartoon
characters could pretty much
get a hold of dynamite
whenever they needed it?
And it wasn't the type of
dynamite that would kill you.
It just kinda made
your rear end smolder.
Joey, that's great. My friends
think you're hilarious.
Now, Uncle Jesse, your band's
gonna do a whole set, right?
Oh, yeah, we're gonna rip it up,
tear it apart, party till the..
...parents come
and pick you up.
Thanks, you guys.
This is so cool.
Oh, and, dad,
when you're up there
introducing Jesse and Joey..
- Yeah, Deej?
- Keep it short.
We wanna try and pack in as
much entertainment as possible.
I'll try not to get
in the way of all the fun.
Thanks, dad.
Oh, and please, don't
mention my tushy in public.
I'm going over to Kimmy's.
- 'See you, Deej.'
- Bye.
(Rebecca)
'Bye, D.J.'
Oh, man,
I'm getting a vibe here
that D.J. doesn't
think I'm all that groovy.
(in unison)
No.
I know, it's
a real mind blower.
I just wish
I could show D.J.
that I'm as hip and
cool as you guys are.
Danny, you don't have
to be hip and cool.
You're spic and span.
No, I'm serious.
I want D.J. to be proud of me.
I got an idea.
I am gonna surprise D.J.
Jess, I'm sing a song
with you and your band.
Couldn't you
just surprise her
with, like,
a really nice sweater?
You don't think
I can be cool?
Just wait till you see
how I get down and get funky
with my bad self, hooyah!
Who wants to play
hot and cold?
(in unison)
Oh.
I heard that.
I'll play with you later,
I gotta work on my act.
Yeah, I gotta go rip the cobra
off the back of Jesse's tux.
I got to stop her.
I gotta get down,
and get funky.
They'll wanna find this.
Ha ha!
Good boy, Comet.
You're such a smart dog.
Up on the bed.
You can help me
with my homework.
Thanks, Comet.
Steph, please tell me you know
where Jesse's wedding ring is.
I would if I could,
but I can't.
I'm supposed to take
it to the engraver.
And I can't find it.
Jesse's gonna kill me.
Ooh, I can just see that
vein in his forehead throbbing
his neck turning red
his eyes bugging out!
Can I be there when
you tell him you lost it?
Who wants to play
hot and cold?
Not now, Michelle, I have
to find Jesse's wedding ring.
You're very cold.
You took
Jesse's wedding ring?
You're getting warmer.
Alright, guys, I know
it's a drag having to play
at a junior high school
fundraiser
but the good news is
you're not getting paid either.
- Oh.
- Super!
Alright,
let's rock and roll!
Danny, just lie down and don't
get up until the fever breaks.
Jess, I gotta tell you, man,
I know why you rockers
wiggle around
on the stage so much.
These leather pants
really ride up.
You know, Danny, uh, lot
of guys can't pull off this look
and there's an outside chance
that you just maybe one of 'em.
Come on, Jess, let's rehearse
my song before D.J. gets home.
Alright.
You, uh,
you sure about this?
Jess...it's always
been my secret dream
to be a real rock star.
You know..
...I never told you
this, but, uh
I used to sing with
the Partridge Family.
- You did?
- Yeah.
Till my mom made me
shut it off and do my homework.
Jess, I am
gonna sing a song
that's ultra
hip and mega cool.
"My Generation" by The Who.
Well, "My Generation" was ultra
hip and mega cool in the '60s
but these kids
won't know that song.
Hey, "My Generation"
is a timeless anthem
of teenage angst
and rebellion.
But I'm not gonna sing it like
some old rock and roll dinosaur.
I just spent an hour watching
Downtown Julie Brown on MTV.
I am ready to bust a move.
Alright,
let's pump up the jam.
Huh?
Let's just
play the song, huh?
Okay.
Generation in G.
One, two!
One, two, three!
[upbeat music]
♪ Yo people try
to put us d-d-down ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ Just because
we g-g-get around ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ Things they do
look awful cold ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ Hope I die
before I get old ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ My generation ♪
♪ Can't touch it
can't touch it ♪
♪ My generation baby ♪
♪ Why don't you all
f-fade away ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout my generation ♪
♪ Don't try and dig
what we all s-s-say ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ I'm not tryin' to cause
a new s-s-sensation ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ I'm just talkin'
about my g-g-generation ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪
♪ My generation ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout my generation ♪
♪ My generation baby ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout my generation ♪♪
Dad, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm, uh,
I'm busting a move.
And my shoulder. Ooh.
Give me that.
Honey, I wanted
to surprise you.
I'm gonna sing this
at your fundraiser.
You were gonna
do that in public?
All my friends
will be there.
You mean
your former friends.
Alright, girls, your
dad has a very good voice.
You just need to tie
him down to a chair, that's all.
Dad, you can't
do this to me.
I'll never be able
to show my face in school again.
[instrumental music]
I think my singing must
have really embarrassed D.J.
Don't forget the
clothes and the dancing.
Kimmy, don't help.
Okay. I'll go help D.J.
sweep up the shattered
pieces of her life.
Jess, could I see you
in the kitchen, please?
Sure.
Oh, and guys, don't get too
attached to "My Generation."
You alright?
Oh, Jess,
who am I trying to kid?
This isn't the real me.
This isn't
the real me, either.
Whoa! I don't wanna
see the real you!
You know, I thought
singing that song
would show D.J.
that I could be cool.
Ah, don't feel bad. When you're
14, your dad's never cool.
You know that's true.
I remember
when I was a kid
I was playing
football with all my friends.
My dad came out.
Guess he wanted to prove,
he's one of the guys.
He threw me a pass.
All I could
remember thinking was
"Oh, no, my dad
throws like a girl!"
Ah, you know, when
you're a teenager
things seem much worse
than they really are, you know?
No, my dad really
threw like a girl.
The pass only made
it about halfway.
Had to tell my friends
he hurt his arm in the war.
And so now you
know how D.J. feels.
I mean, can you
imagine if your dad threw
that sissy throw
in front of the whole school?
Yeah, but what
I'm doing isn't
nearly as bad as
what he did to me.
You're right.
It's worse.
At least my dad
never wore a grinning skull.
D.J., how can you
not go tonight?
You put together
the whole fundraiser.
Hey, if anyone wonders
why I'm not there
they'll stop wondering as soon
as they hear my dad sing.
D.J., can I talk
to you a minute, alone?
Oh, it's okay, Mr. T.,
anything you can say to D.J.
you can say
in front of me.
Okay. D.J., how can we
get Kimmy out of the room?
Five bucks
works in my house.
That's okay.
You've got enough problems.
[sighs]
Deej...about
me singing tonight..
I understand
exactly how you feel.
My dad threw like a girl.
Well, that's because grandpa
hurt his arm in the war.
Boy, I told everybody
that story, didn't I?
The point is you
don't have to worry.
I'm not gonna sing tonight.
Really? You mean it?
I promise,
not one move will I bust.
Thanks, dad.
You know, this may
sound a little silly
but I just wanted you to think
I was hip and cool, but I'm not.
So don't worry. I wouldn't do
anything to embarrass you, okay?
I appreciate
what you were gonna do.
But I appreciate even more
that you're not gonna do it.
Hey, it's my pleasure.
I'm happy, 'cause now I can
get out of these leather pants
and into some ointment.
Ooh.
Kimmy, aren't you embarrassed
to have a glass at your ear?
Well, if you'd speak a little
louder, I could hear without it.
Oh, on behalf
of Vanadda Junior High
thanks for not singing.
Alright, Deej!
You don't have
to change schools!
Yeah, great.
I feel so guilty about
hurting my dad's feelings.
It could be worse.
Really?
How?
♪ Talkin' about
my g-g-generation ♪
♪ Yo people try
to get us down ♪
♪ Talkin' about
my generation ♪♪
Okay,
how am I doing, Michelle?
You're getting warmer.
You're getting hotter.
You're a hot dog!
You found the ring!
Yippee!
Michelle, this is not quite
the ring I was looking for.
Are you going to eat that?
Michelle, would you
forget about the cookie.
When I see a cookie,
I can't forget about it.
Well, I'll give
you the cookie
if you tell me
where the ring is.
I told you, I put it
in the cookie jar.
And I said It's not
Then how do I
get that cookie?
I'll tell you how
you get the cookie.
By remembering where
you put the ring. Now think.
Do you know what
you're thinking about?
Yes, I do.
That cookie.
Well, stop thinking about it.
Now, how about if you
show me everything you did
from the time you picked
up Uncle Jesse's ring
and I'll follow you.
You mean like
follow the leader?
Right, now,
what did you do
after you picked up the ring?
I came into the kitchen.
Good, now we're
getting somewhere.
Okay.
Then what happened?
I saw a bug.
Okay, then what?
I followed the bug.
Okay, where did
you follow the bug?
Follow the leader.
Okay, follow the leader.
Okay.
Then what?
Then the bug stopped.
Okay, then what happened?
Then the bug
got goin' again.
got going again.
I'll bet the bug was
pretty dizzy by this time.
Follow the bug.
Under the table.
What are you guys doin'?
Hi, Jess. We're just
playing follow the leader.
Oh, yeah? Looks to me like
you're looking for somethin'.
Oh, we're not
looking for anything.
We were looking for a ring.
Thanks for reminding me,
Michelle. I plum forgot.
What ring would that be? Would
it happen to be...this ring?
[both laugh]
Oh, where did you
find the ring?
In the cookie jar.
That's what I told you.
Maybe next time,
you'll listen.
- Want a cookie?
- I'll cookie you.
[upbeat music]
Security!
[audience cheering]
More, more!
I don't wanna go to bed yet!
Well, Deej, you pulled it off.
Joey was funny,
Jesse's band was hot
and your dad
hardly said a word.
Yeah, the perfect night.
But I feel so awful.
Well, that's our
show for the night.
Let's hear it for
Jesse and The Rippers!
[audience cheering]
And our special guest,
comedian Joey Gladstone!
[audience cheering]
Well, it's hard to believe
but it's almost 9 o'clock.
I can see
the men with the mud.
That can only mean
one thing, time for bingo.
Well, uh..
...I don't
wanna embarrass anybody
but I think
we should really thank
the person who put together
tonight's fundraiser.
Let's hear it
for D.J. Tanner.
'Come on up, honey.'
Thanks for
coming tonight, everyone.
We raised enough money
to buy that new computer.
How about one more song
from Jesse and The Rippers?
Featuring a brand-new
singer I'm very proud of..
...my dad.
Let's give it up
for Danny Tanner!
Deej, honey, I don't
wanna embarrass you.
Dad, the only thing
I'm embarrassed about
is the way I acted today.
Bust a move, dad.
Um, I guess I'm going
to sing a song
and I'd like
to dedicate it to D.J.
'Oh, thanks.'
I used to sing
this to Deej
when she was
just a little girl
and I really hope
she likes it right now.
[instrumental music]
♪ I got sunshine ♪
♪ On a cloudy day ♪
♪ When it's cold outside ♪
♪ I got the month of May ♪
♪ Whoa whoa ♪
♪ I guess you'd say ♪
♪ What can make me
feel this way ♪
♪ My girl ♪
♪ Talkin' about my girl ♪
♪ Whoa whoa ♪
♪ My girl ♪
♪ I got so much honey ♪
♪ The bees envy me ♪
♪ I got a sweeter song ♪
♪ Than all the birds
in the trees ♪
♪ Whoa whoa ♪
♪ I guess you'd say ♪
♪ What can make me
feel this way ♪
♪ My girl ♪
♪ My girl
talkin' about my girl ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪♪
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪